now it is finally on the market it is already three days in the market the new one
iPad from Apple
On the first weekend already 250 to 300 thousand copies were sold so
appreciates the word for Jarno and we have so much time
to test that
the first impression is very positive the screen is very high and very bright
dissolving 10 Zwolle big
The use is very intuitive I enjoy it very much
work it makes in particular a lot of fun with it
to drink on the internet
Apple has really solved that very well
around on the
the negative side is the weight of almost 700 grams, it is very heavy
especially if you want to hold it with one hand and 10 in particular for
Reading books really requires two hands around the individual
To turn pages
Dell, especially if you want to use that out there percent is a problem
that the screen reflects very strongly I think you can do this here
quite good to see that the reflections are very strong
new and a lot of publishers have been waiting for it is the iBooks app over
which you can buy also fishermen that is very elegant solved a very elegant
user guidance
At the moment there are about 60 000 titles
Percent deliverable compared to just under 400,000 per cent on Amazon
Percent the books are also very nicely presented it is fun
to read the screen resolution
speaks for it also for a long time
can work with this device
The good news also wants that all the books you already have for the
Children bought can also be read about this Amazon
One has developed a pediatrician iPad
and everything
is available and really very nice to abuse
whether the iPad will really prevail for reading books is due
the weight in my opinion questionable but correct sense makes it if not
only texts but also other media like videos Köhne pictures come together
for daily newspapers or magazines especially if they are for the iPad
are designed
like the Wall Street Journal, for example, a few days ago
has launched its own app for the market
that's really fun and there
Who will win the whole power this iPad really brings
Obviously this is certainly one of the parade applications
for the Alps
The iPad is a bit like a sports car
it's a lot of fun playing back it's super fast
but and I also probably do not want it at the same time
After I do not get used to it the first three days I want it
probably not give up anymore
Altogether we should see there as we are in
the future will work with such or similar devices because that is
the first first step i could imagine is that about the doctor
Computer areas of life sneaking in until today computers were free
such as the kitchen when I cook I could well imagine
that I hang the thing on the wall or wrapped in a foil so that
it is protected from splashing water why is there a movie to watch or in one
So look over the cookbook
the next six to twelve months
will be very interesting
and you'll see how the iPad evolves in the future